
Here is a list of snags:
------------------------

- The new siding at the front of the house,
  over the new concrete porch, on the left,
  looks quite terrible.  It needs to properly
  and accurately contour the concrete porch
  with about half an inch tolerance uniformly.
  It looks very very unsightly at the moment.

- at the front siding, someone seems to have pried 
  open one of those galvanized metal corners
  and taken the nails off.  It looks very unsightly
  and needs addessing.

- in the guest bathroom which finished in the
  first phase of the project, the tub spout 
  runs rusty water always when it is first turned
  on.  The galvanized piping in it needs to be 
  replaced with a brass one.

- in the main bathroom where u are working now,
  under the outlet and the switch needs to be 
  properly textured since it does not look right
  since they were moved up to accommodate the 
  backsplash.

- some parts of the sheetrock which have aleady
  been painted earlier in the first phase of the
  project had to be re-textured.  As a result,
  they need to be re-painted.  These areas
  are:
	- the left interior wall on the left
	  side of the guest bathroom exterior door.
	  There is about a 3 inch wide strip 
	  of sheetrock  betwen the door jam and
	  the wall tile.  This was re-textured
	  which needs repainting.  I will put
	  blue sticky paper to that area for u
	  to identify it easily.

	- at the main house entrance, the left
	  side of the main door at the interior
	  was re-textured hence needs to be repainted.
	  Again, I will put blue sticky paper 
	  there for identification.

- The brass strike plate on the guest bathroom exterior
  door has not been installed.  I have left it 
  on the floor next to the toilet.

- There is one brass screw missing from the middle hinge 
  of the guest bathroom.

- The paint finish on the vanity unit in the guest
  bathroom has some bubbles and rougness on some
  of the drawers.  They need to be sanded, smothed
  out and repainted.  I will leave a blue sticky paper
  on those spots for u too se them.

- in the main bedroom u are working in now,
  the wall behind the medicine cabinet, seems
  to have a lot of repair marks.  The sheetrock 
  looks quite terrible at the moment and needs
  mudding and texturing properly.

- there is some epoxy marks on the granite surface
  in the guest bathroom vanity.  The surface is not
  as smooth and clean as it should be.  Those residues
  need to be cleaned.

- some touch up paint needs to be done on the linen
  fronts.  I will leave blue sticky paper where I think
  those areas are for u to see them easily.

Here is what still needs to be done
----------------------------------

- The oak T-molding needs to go between the 
  wood flooring and the end of the tiles
  in the main entrance hall.  This is very important
  and really needs to be done precisely.

- The trim under the bullnoses in the sunken
  living room where the drop in steps are
  need to be put up.

- louvred doors in the study need to go up.

- the new outside lite, outside the guest
  bathroom needs connecting.  I will leave
  the fixture in the master bedroom area u
  guys are working in now, next to the toilets.

- The main entry door threshold needs to be installed.
  I left it in the hallway.  It has also a matching
  part which needs to be attached to the door itself
  to ensure proper sealing.

- A threshold needs to be installed between the
  main entry hall tiles and the hall closet.  
  I left the new (yellow) threshold in the hallway.
  The old one (satin color) is besides it just
  for reference.
